doc: nrf: app_dev: device_guides: PM deprecation updates (#29745)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf91/nrf91_snippet.rst

     - ``tfm-enable-share-uart``
     - :ref:`All nRF91 Series board targets <ug_nrf91>`

You can only use the four trace snippets with applications that use the RAM layout defined in :file:`nrf/dts/samples/cellular/nrf91_sram_partitions.dtsi`.

> If you are using a different RAM layout, for example, to use more TFM functionalities, you need to add the ``cpucell_cpuapp_ipc_shm_trace`` partition yourself and copy the configurations from the :file:`.conf` file in the snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a different RAM layout, for example to use more TF-M functionalities, you need to add the ``cpucell_cpuapp_ipc_shm_trace`` partition yourself and copy the configurations from the :file:`.conf` file in the snippet.
```
